.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a bug with Tabulator
title: ''
labels: Possible Bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
YOUR BUG REPORT MUST CONTAIN A LINK TO A JSFiddle OR Codepen THAT DEMONSTRATES THE ISSUE OR IT WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT DISCUSSION

Please read the Bug Reporting Guide before completing this issue: http://tabulator.info/community/bug

Please make sure you fill in all the sections of this template to give us the best chance of helping you
-->

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Tabulator Info**
- Which version of Tabulator are you using?

**Working Example**
YOU MUST include a link to a JS Fiddle or Codepen that demonstrates the problem, it is very hard to diagnose an issue from a simple description.
<!--
Please read the Minimal Reproducable Example guide if you are unsure what the example should look like http://tabulator.info/community/mre

ISSUES CREATED WITHOUT THIS EXAMPLE WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT DISCUSSION
-->

**To Reproduce**
A step by step guide to recreate the issue in your JS Fiddle or Codepen:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
 - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
 - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

Add link to JS Fiddle guide in bug issue template

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a bug with Tabulator
title: ''
labels: Possible Bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
YOUR BUG REPORT MUST CONTAIN A LINK TO A JSFiddle OR Codepen THAT DEMONSTRATES THE ISSUE OR IT WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT DISCUSSION

Please read the Bug Reporting Guide before completing this issue: http://tabulator.info/community/bug

Please make sure you fill in all the sections of this template to give us the best chance of helping you
-->

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Tabulator Info**
- Which version of Tabulator are you using?

**Working Example**
YOU MUST include a link to a JS Fiddle or Codepen that demonstrates the problem, it is very hard to diagnose an issue from a simple description.
<!--
Please read the Minimal Reproducable Example guide if you are unsure what the example should look like http://tabulator.info/community/mre
A quick guide on creating a JS Fiddle can be found on the Tabulator website http://tabulator.info/community/jsfiddle

ISSUES CREATED WITHOUT THIS EXAMPLE WILL BE CLOSED WITHOUT DISCUSSION
-->

**To Reproduce**
A step by step guide to recreate the issue in your JS Fiddle or Codepen:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
 - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
 - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
